This document covers the idea of a driver API standard for the TARDIX kernel.
Authors:  <s3@9600-baud.net>
Revision: 2014031701

1. DEFINITION
A TARDIX kernel driver is a (re)loadable module that has access to the standard 
TARDIX kernel API (It exists in kernel space) and makes use of driver role
'mixins' which provide both compliant functionality and identification to the
kernel.

2. SYNOPSIS

-- A simple driver that does nothing particularly useful:

local _DRIVER = class(
  function(self)
    kprintf("Hello World from ", self.name")
  end
)

_DRIVER:include('driver') -- Mandatory. provides prerequisite functions.
_DRIVER:name('My fancy example driver')

return _DRIVER

3. MIXINS
Mixins are provided by the LOOP library included with the TARDIX kernel. Mixins
are quite important in the use of the sysfs filesystem to identify and handle
each driver loaded in the kernel. The kernel API itself also makes use of
mixins by providing a function allowing the quick look up of drivers that
consume particular mixins known as drivers_by_role(). By specifying a mixin as a
string to the first parameter of the function, drivers_by_role() will return a
table of all drivers that consume that mixin.

For example:
my dancing_drivers = drivers_by_role('dancing') -- return all drivers that dance

Developers are encouraged to provide their own mixins to help enrich the
collection of roles that drivers can consume.

The driver mixin
----------------

The following functions should be provided by the 'driver' mixin:

init() - called when the driver has finished being registered in the kernel. The
default behavior of this function just returns and it is not mandatory to
overload this function.

name() - useful for kernel logging. Please provide a name for your driver. In
the future, mixins will be powerful enough to require that the consuming class
implement a particular function in order for the mixin to become consumed,
therefore complying with this request should help prevent any future headaches.
There is no particular format as long as the name is just a string of some sort
and may contain spaces or anything a string can handle. The default
implementation just returns an empty string.

... More features to come.

4. To be continued...
